README.md, before:

# Gaussian Membership Inference Privacy

This repository contains accompanying code for the paper [Gaussian Membership Inference Privacy](https://openreview.net/forum?id=2NUFe4TZMS) by Tobias Leemann*, Martin Pawelczyk*, and Gjergji Kasneci.

## Downloading datasets
The adult dataset is included in this repository and CIFAR-10 is available via pytorch. To download the purchase dataset, run the script
```
./tabular/download_datasets.sh
```

## Gradient Likelihood Ratio (GLiR) attack

In our work, we present a novel membership inference attack. We run this attack on models that were trained with the train scripts ```gmip/train_cifar.py``` and ```gmip/train_tabular.py```. An example is in the Notebook ``notebooks/GLiRAttack.ipynb``.

**Preliminary code version. More documentation and code to be added soon.**


## Reference
If you find our work or the ressources provided here useful, please consider citing our work, for instance using the following BibTex entry:

```
@InProceedings{leemann2023gaussian,
  title     = {Gaussian Membership Inference Privacy},
  author    = {Leemann, Tobias and Pawelczyk, Martin and Kasneci, Gjergji},
  booktitle = {37th Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems (NeurIPS)},
  year      = {2023}
}
```

Commit message:

Added requirements in environment.yml, update README accordingly.

README.md, after:

# Gaussian Membership Inference Privacy

This repository contains accompanying code for the paper [Gaussian Membership Inference Privacy](https://openreview.net/forum?id=2NUFe4TZMS) by Tobias Leemann*, Martin Pawelczyk*, and Gjergji Kasneci.

## Setup
The following steps are required to run the code in this repository using a dedicated anaconda environment.

### Creating an Anaconda Environment
Make sure you have a working installation of anaconda on your system and go to the main directory of this repository in your terminal.
Then install the requirements into a new conda environment named ```gaussian_mip``` by running the following commands 
```
conda env create -f environment.yml
```
Then run
```
conda activate gaussian_mip
```

### Add new environment to Jupyter notebook.
The attack experiment is implemented in ```notebooks/GLiRAttack.ipynb```. To add the kernel to an existing jupyter installation, activate the ```gaussian_mip``` python kernel and run

```
python -m ipykernel install --user --name gaussian_mip
```

### Downloading datasets
The adult dataset is included in this repository and CIFAR-10 is available via pytorch. To download the purchase dataset, run the script
```
./tabular/download_datasets.sh
```

## Gradient Likelihood Ratio (GLiR) attack

In our work, we present a novel membership inference attack. We run this attack on models that were trained with the train scripts ```gmip/train_cifar.py``` and ```gmip/train_tabular.py```. An example is in the Notebook ``notebooks/GLiRAttack.ipynb``.

**Preliminary code version. More documentation and code to be added soon.**


## Reference
If you find our work or the ressources provided here useful, please consider citing our work, for instance using the following BibTex entry:

```
@InProceedings{leemann2023gaussian,
  title     = {Gaussian Membership Inference Privacy},
  author    = {Leemann, Tobias and Pawelczyk, Martin and Kasneci, Gjergji},
  booktitle = {37th Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems (NeurIPS)},
  year      = {2023}
}
```
